[Music]
medical expenses and illness can drain
you financially and emotionally
with icici lombard health insurance you
no longer have to worry
we can help ease the financial burden
while you focus on getting better
our health insurance covers all medical
expenses as per your policy terms and
conditions during hospitalization
you can choose a partner hospital for
our convenient and easy cashless option
you can also choose a non-partner
hospital and follow our reimbursement
process
if you have chosen to go through the
cashless process through one of our
6500 plus partner hospitals
the steps to follow are quick and easy
at the hospital third party assistant
desk submit your e-health card which is
available on our il take care app or
with your policy document along with a
government-issued id card the assistant
will then fill the claim form and take
care of the rest of the process for you
our team will assess your claim request
and share an update regarding your
cashless treatment within one hour of
receipt of the claim while you can sit
back and receive your treatment in peace
at the time of discharge you only have
to pay the amount not covered in your
policy the rest of the amount will be
taken care of by us
in case you have paid any deposit please
coordinate with the hospital for a
refund
if you have chosen to receive treatment
at a non-partner hospital
icici lombard will process your claim
within 8 days of registration
at the time of discharge you have to pay
the bill in full at the hospital and
remember to collect the required
documents
make sure to have your claim form fully
filled with the correct information
before you begin the reimbursement
process
you can submit your reimbursement claim
through the il take care app or on
whatsapp
the easiest way to claim your
reimbursement is through our il take
care app
login to il take care app with your
registered mobile number
tap on claims and pick your policy
number
in the menu tab on find a claim
simply fill in all the required details
in the next few screens
and upload the required self-attested
documents
[Music]
tap on submit your claim has now been
registered and will be cleared within
eight days
in the meantime you can check the status
of your claim on the il take care app on
whatsapp or on our website
[Music]
you can also claim your reimbursement
through whatsapp
send us a high on the number shown on
screen and our responsive and
intelligent assistant ria will assist
you through the reimbursement journey
choose register your claim and pick your
policy number
follow the process to enter the
information of your hospitalization
ria will now prompt you to upload
self-attested documents which can be in
a pdf or jpeg format
with this step your reimbursement claim
is registered and will be processed
within eight days of registration
in the meanwhile you can also track your
claim status on whatsapp on the
iltaycare app or on our website
you can also submit your claim for
reimbursement to us through registered
post or courier
mail in the original hospitalization
documents along with a duly filled claim
form to the address shown on the screen
[Music]
with icici lombard health insurance
registering your health insurance claim
is simple and convenient
[Music]